There are basically four types of harassment, which will be
explained in this file, along with the solutions.

----------
Sexual

Sexual harassment will *not* be tolerated on this mud.  Here is an 
example of simple harassment:
---
Sue sits in the Pub alone.
Bob walks in.
Bob hugs Sue.
Sue says 'Hey!  Don't do that'
(Bob now assumes she's being cute.)
Bob hugs Sue.
Bob grins evilly.
Sue says 'I said stop that.'
---
This is simply hugging, but because Sue said no, and Bob did not stop,
it is sexual harassment.  Because it is difficult to prove something
like this, after the fact, we will have a log that anyone can turn on,
called 'harass'.  All Sue has to do now is type: harass.  She does
not have to tell Bob she has done it.  Everything that goes on in
that room is now being logged.  Please remember, Sue does not have
to leave the room, she was there first, and Bob came in and started
harassing her.  She said "no".  We all know what that means.  
Now she does not have to go through trying to find a sympathetic admin, 
because we will be reading that log sometime soon.  What will happen next 
is that one of us will talk with Bob, let him know that behaviour of that 
sort is not acceptable here, and warn him not to do it again.  It doesn't 
matter if he protests innocence, we now have proof.  Very simple.  If it 
happens again, Bob will be banished.  If it becomes necessary, Bob's site 
will be banished.

Please see 'help harass' for more info on the harassment log.

----------
Pestering the Wizards

Harassment of wizards is less common, simply because the 'victim' of
such harassment can handle the problem much more easily.  Pestering
is defined as: 
1. Asking the same question repeatedly, when the answer has already
   been given.
2. Attempts to kill the wizard repeatedly.
3. Spamming (dumping large amounts of text).
4. Other abuses of commands such as - ???
The way these things are handled is left up to the admins of the mud.
You will most likely be asked to stop, warned that repeated harassment
will be dealt with severely, perhaps asked to leave or simply being
banished.

----------
Player Disagreements

Player disagreements, such as killing, stealing money/items, hounding a
person, stealing a kill, repeated telling, etc, will be handled by
the administration.

----------
Abuse of Wizard Powers

Common abuse of powers follow:
  Desting players/other wizards
  Inflicting 'curses' upon players/wizards
  Setting up snooping devices
  Making prisons (outside of the need for one in a playing area)
  Using certain commands to 'fool' other players/wizards into thinking
    something is happening that is not (echo, echoall, etc)

Such abuse of power shall not be tolerated unless explicitly permitted. 
(For example, there may be times that we ask our wizards to become actively 
involved in changing the play of the game to be more "interesting" for the 
players)  It is not the job of the ordinary wizard to become involved
with the administration of "justice" on a mud, and this can create 
additional problems when a wizard attempts to do so.  A good example, is
a wizard who builds a prison intended to be used only on "wrongdoers"... 
this is the role of the administration, not of the ordinary wizard.

