    Magic spells allow a player to do a number of things supernaturally,
which he could not do otherwise. The spells available are:
 
Combat spells   Healing spells  Divination spells
-------         -------         -----------
missile         heal            message
fireball        raise_dead	vision
                                invisibility
				read
 
   Spells are performed by the 'cast' command. To use a spell such as
missile you would type:
>cast missile
 
However, you need to put a name after the missile spell, to direct it
at someone. To do so simply type:
>cast missile foobird
 
This casts a missile at the foobird. Some spells will assume a target
if you do not provide one: heal will work on the caster if no target
is mentioned, and missile will work on your current opponent. Other
spells such as fireball do not require a target.

Before you can cast a spell, you must learn it. To do this, you must
either get someone to teach you the spell, or you must cast the read
spell on a scroll on which the new spell is written.  The spells command
will list the spells you know and can cast. Casting a spell will use up
spell points: if you run out of spell points, you cannot cast any more
spells until you get some spell points back.

   NOTE: When attacking by casting a spell, you will be too busy to do 
anything else (ie- hitting the enemy with a physical weapon). Be wary!

   Your spellcasting skill will improve as you gain practice with the
spells. You can also train in the magician's guild in spellcasting. The
higher your skills are, the more effective your spell will be.
improve in. The more you train, the better the spells function.

The spells do the following things:
Combat Spells
-------------
  Missile:   This spell is used to 'shoot' a magical arrow-like missle
             at your opponent, and it never misses.
  Fireball:  This spell magically damages all the people who are currently
             attacking you, by sending out a ball of fire at them.

Healing Spells
--------------
  Heal:  This spell can be used on yourself, or on any of your comrades,
	 to give some hit points back to the target.
  Raise: This spell will bring a dead person back to life if cast on
	 his corpse.

Divination Spells
-----------------
  Read:	        This spell lets you learn another spell from a scroll.
  Message:      This spell lets you send a message to another player.
  Vision:       This spell shows you the surroundings of another player.
  Invisibility: This spell turns you invisible to other people for a short
	        time: they will be unable to see you or hear you.

See also the help on: combat, skills, cast.
